Update teams-ip-phones.md (#9229)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/devices/teams-ip-phones.md

The following devices are Certified under the Microsoft Teams phones Certification Program:

> [!NOTE]

> > If your phone is not listed below, manually provisioning the phone may be possible via the device's generic profile and as a SIP device. For more information, see [Configure SIP Gateway](/microsoftteams/sip-gateway-configure).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If your phone is not listed in this table, manually provisioning the phone may be possible via the device's generic profile and as a SIP device. For more information, see [Configure SIP Gateway](/microsoftteams/sip-gateway-configure).
```
